In.
Lilliana Robinson: That Kate can watch the staff as well is that on
Lilliana Robinson: like the whole idea, it's like this one
Lilliana Robinson: check check. All right, that's it. It was on check chat. I turned it off. We need to like open it soon.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, sorry!
Lilliana Robinson: And you're gonna want to scroll for him. So just watch alright. So I'm gonna yeah, I'm not. Gonna look. I'm not gonna go through all the slides, just 4 of them. So the first one, if you if you don't mind scrolling. So we started with the neurofeedback. So we are B long term our vision. 5 years is B to C, but we are starting B 2 B to C through neurofeedback is a very small tam, smaller tam
Lilliana Robinson: so we started by interviewing neurofeedback therapists who adopted remote neurofeedback systems in the last 4 years we had to go a little bit at a good time, because
Lilliana Robinson: we couldn't get enough leads more recently, and would maintain and grow their business. Okay? So we we trying to understand that besides the good to remote neurofeedback therapy, our direct competitors is mind lift compared to mind who are more consumer. They're more your source new therapists. We interview 12 new therapists.
Lilliana Robinson: and we are also starting a new Gtp. Jtb
Lilliana Robinson: process for for the consumers. Okay, next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So from our analysis of these interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: we have in 3 major clusters.
Lilliana Robinson: There are those utilization therapists that they just you know, need
Lilliana Robinson: do it. Do it for starting their new business. Maybe they got laid off, or they need to start something new and quick. And so they're doing remote mutual feedback for money. Okay? Then they are those ones that are losing clients. Maybe because there was Covid Covid hit. They couldn't do enough this visit anymore. So they start doing this
Lilliana Robinson: remote
Lilliana Robinson: and then there are those ones who really care about the clients. They're seeing that they're doing the talk out of each other clients
Lilliana Robinson: or the clients are taking medication, and it's not working for them. And so they wanna offer an alternative service to overcome their
Lilliana Robinson: so these are what we learn if you wish, and then scroll down to the next one, please. So the next slides are mainly next one are nearly more deep, more depth in each of this. So we came up with 3 major statements. Yeah, I think all 3 of them.
Lilliana Robinson: I would say, maybe the the
Lilliana Robinson: most important, in what way?
Lilliana Robinson: So I guess what I'm saying is, do you think you can address all 3 clusters at the same time? Or do you focus on one of these as an initial beach head?
Lilliana Robinson: Ali.
Lilliana Robinson: I think that are the rooms.
Lilliana Robinson: Ronnie or Richard would be the first cluster that was to start something fast because they they see the opportunity. To one of these. That's my point. My point is like, I'm not. I'm not. Negating the other 2. I'm more saying like right now, from a strategy standpoint, you might want to design for one of them
Lilliana Robinson: where you try to address all 3, because that's more considerations, more conversations, and more feature development. Alright, cool. So so this is what we're gonna take from everyone at this point. So I'm open to the audience. But this is the first.
Lilliana Robinson: the first. Thank you for being the first to submit. Good job.
Lilliana Robinson: Francis.
Lilliana Robinson: bet.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, me, I wanted to talk first. Anybody here. What do you give some feedback?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I just actually really liked the visual for me, it was so easy to follow, at least for me personally. And I really like it. I'm gonna be copying it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I love that you're here to support starboard, which is great.
Lilliana Robinson: Just one thing that Kate. Thank you, Kate, for helping me, but
Lilliana Robinson: she told me like
Lilliana Robinson: going more deeply into emotional things. And I kind of seem something like 2 fact, not so much emotion in terms of the 3 clusters.
Lilliana Robinson: So maybe it's something to dig deeper. Yeah, you know, like truly things, they're the big factors. Yeah, maybe in the in the statements as well as the in the, in the final quotes, we have some more emotions, but I hear you maybe also, maybe also drop those first sentences to be more emotional
Lilliana Robinson: of I I warned you guys about this? Yeah, you know what I'm saying. So right here, crap.
Lilliana Robinson: I want a solution that's inexpensive. Great customer service. And as fast as set up. These are attributes about what you're offering, less about what their underlying motivations are. And the way to fix the trap is a little trick to it.
Lilliana Robinson: You take this part that you wrote, and this is usually their motivation. And then there's something more that we need to dig into to understand the true desired outcome.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: they wanted to practice with an alternative intervention that is quickly brought. Can you explain what this means?
Lilliana Robinson: So basically, they're giving build a practice with an alternative intervention that is quickly profitable. So they need to make money. They either got laid off or they need to make money.
Lilliana Robinson: What do they accomplish? Once they make money.
Lilliana Robinson: they they, we've made money. We have a practice. Yeah. And now what?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we, I tried to turn it down so that I can. I can't keep building I mean not what else, so that I can. You know
Lilliana Robinson: it is better in a different place I can. I can have my business. That's what I'm talking about. So look, by the way, we'll have to lower our voices because I think that is overpowering. No, it's it's not your fault. We're just very loud.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Hi, alright. So alright. So you guys understand the trick. Now take what you wrote here, you replace that with this, and then you speak to what they actually
Lilliana Robinson: as an outcome.
Lilliana Robinson: Right? So this is good to know about you, but it doesn't fit into the Jtb. State.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. You got you got the information. So I want to refactor of that, and then we'll review it and then help out
Lilliana Robinson: Say that they're going to do.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. But I think they heard. So whoever's on Zoom? Just so, you know, the third line here should be the second line, and the second line is missing.
Lilliana Robinson: That's end of day. That I'm just.
Lilliana Robinson: The third line is the actual outcome that is designed, which is the Costa Rica? Yeah, there we go.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, cool!
Lilliana Robinson: Isn't that Sierra?
Lilliana Robinson: Whoever whoever gets the mic to see you know, we don't know why we can't turn the volume down. So we'll have to talk.
Lilliana Robinson: Break this.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So we're gonna talk about the iphone 14 to the new design that's built up the last design of the next design, anyway.
Lilliana Robinson: Got 4 min. So pub right here. We're gonna get right until we only got 4 min. So the why, before the Y, our streaming criteria was town acquisition leaders or business owners who have outsourced initial phone strings to an agency or a staffing firm in the last 6 12 months
Lilliana Robinson: we can scroll down to the next slide
Lilliana Robinson: based off of the screening criteria. There was 3 underlying drivers that we will discuss today
Lilliana Robinson: next slide
Lilliana Robinson: alright.
Lilliana Robinson: First one. My team is going to leave me right. The Jtvd statement is when I have recruiters getting overwhelmed and over burn. I mean Nova burden. I'm gonna alleviate their stress and bring on additional hiring support so that I can avoid attrition while still hitting our hiring goals. One of the
Lilliana Robinson: folks that stood out for us as recruiters are getting burned out and overwhelmed from the high volume hiring that's needed. We're not hitting our map. Our marks in terms of hiring this came from cam weaver out of her mouth
Lilliana Robinson: that feeds us.
Lilliana Robinson: Her team is just burnt, you know, and she doesn't know what to do. Alright, I'm gonna jump in for a sec. I just want this, is it this is it this is it you nailed it like I I I totally understand the right formula here alleviate stress. Bring on additional higher support
Lilliana Robinson: in order to avoid this attrition. So there's something you can even measure as like the outcome here. Right? You could hold 2 of them really good.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks for meeting
Lilliana Robinson: alright. The next one is, my recruiters are seeing us incompetent.
Lilliana Robinson: The quote that really stood out was, I'm pulling employees into conducting screens which takes him away from working on the business. Jtvd statement is, when I have employees on a other team screening applicants, but they have a lot on their plate. I want to bring on a recruitment support with skills and expertise specific to the pro, so that me and my recruiting team are not playing for our issues with hiring. This came from Eric Sykes. We can then pose the blame onto an agency when it comes to a bad hire.
Lilliana Robinson: doesn't it feel like we're on the same page with our disease explaining these stories like we understand what's going on with his custom. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: 5 next.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Next one is, I don't want to leave a bad taste in the candidate's mouth
Lilliana Robinson: from Jamie Hill, Sfp. Her quote was, you never know when a candidate will be a competitor, a customer, or discussing their personal experience with our company. A bad candidate. Experience diminishes your brand.
Lilliana Robinson: Our Jtbd statement when when our reputation is at risk, because the interviewers are not moving fast, showing up or asking inappropriate questions. I want the candidates rather higher, or not to have a positive experience in the impression of the company, so that we look button up the professional, and our reputation is upheld.
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So I actually, I heard you guys somebody earlier, like which one which one stands out which one should be like
Lilliana Robinson: focus on next slide. I I cause we we wanna apply all these insights to 3 different areas, sales, marketing and product. And so sales will incorporate pitchpoints tailored to these clusters. Marketing. Update the website, highlight, how club break and alleviate these pain points. And then 3 product incorporate features that addresses fears.
Lilliana Robinson: So the interview training right? So making sure that, like our interviewers, are competent because they already are experts in the space, so
Lilliana Robinson: I can clearly
Lilliana Robinson: it feels good if it's like we're on the right path.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm just waiting, like, okay, what? When is that pivot point?
Lilliana Robinson: Right? Like, I told you guys before, like, when I work in the space, I feel like I'm gonna have a little bit of bias. But it's getting validated at the same time. But yeah, I mean, it's all good. I mean, the team is.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we're on the right path. Now. We just gotta make sure that our product is.
Lilliana Robinson: you gotta do these 3 things. But like what's cool is like, I mean, I'm just working Federal people thing. But this is what to do like this like those? Go go back up there real quick. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: It's all the point of all of this work that you all have done is what you see on this slide right here.
Lilliana Robinson: His team knows exactly what they're gonna do on sales, marketing and product and move forward. And I hope you probably already had this. But your team has alignment on the jobs that you're trying to do, who you're trying to help, what success looks like for them like you have more alignment when you have better insights like this. So yeah, and then also, when we tell them our business.
Lilliana Robinson: like the ones who really connect with us. They go. They feel that pain point like we've had a few mentors like reach out to us after our meetings
Lilliana Robinson: like, Hey, this is what you guys need to do. So they kind of help us. They kind of align with our Jtbds any feedback thoughts, questions. Room for on zoom
Lilliana Robinson: all good man, thanks to me, too. Well done.
Lilliana Robinson: I mean frankly like I think everyone has their own version of it. But I think the club Rec. Right now. What they presented is a good template
Lilliana Robinson: for anyone after this, if you want to go back and look at your stuff and try to follow this format. This is spot on.
kate: Alright! Can we put this in the resource bank.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we yeah, we can take this
Lilliana Robinson: alright. Thanks. So
Lilliana Robinson: so for why, before the while we try to kind of look at a clause. That's for native views. The screening criteria and the other things we've presented before. So we try to just.
Lilliana Robinson: And so so we interviewed 4 recruitment agencies, one hospital director, and we also interviewed 5 doctors. But we didn't. It's a separate job. So we didn't. We're just dealing with. Yeah. So scroll down. Yeah. So these are some of the insights we got. You know, they want to have access to as many
Lilliana Robinson: Dr. Cvs as possible was a recurring team. Among most of them. Some of them are using multiple tools to access. This number of doctors keep going, just not to slow it down already. But okay.
Lilliana Robinson: I want to have access to as many doctor sees as possible, so that I saw that did come.
Lilliana Robinson: so essentially is to be able to gives them the power to choose the best candidate for your role. What I want is the best candidate for the role. So that's the throughput. That's what I get. What I actually want is the right hire. Yeah. And what I think with the solution is always doctors. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: okay? And the second one is most of them said. They want to source very active doctors, and as a result, most of some of some of their frustrations. City, library, and all these other places. Some cities are. Those are not active, so they use Linkedin just to target that segment
Lilliana Robinson: done.
Lilliana Robinson: They also reported that much more doctors are very, you know, experience to experience, others are harder to find, so, as a result, most of them fired some of the platforms they are using, because you know, low quality. Cv, so the volume, quantity versus quality, comes in. So they also try to use Linkedin. You know, this is where Linkedin performs. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Another recurring thing is about how much doctor shortages cost the hospital. So there exist direct cost because they're using local doctors and paying 4 times more than they are supposed to pay. And there's also the intangible cost of, you know, increased stress on all the staff and sites
Lilliana Robinson: next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: And then the final cluster that emerged is how important the location of a hospital plays a key role on the doctors staff, and most of the doctors
Lilliana Robinson: places that are more remote have more acute shortage, and they are willing to pay more. And many doctors don't want to go there, you know, costing so jobs in most of those remote areas, they actually tend to pay more. So it cost them more if they are remote. So we developed next slide. So there are treatment. This is a competition while they are hired while they were fired, just
Lilliana Robinson: articulating most of the things we're talking about the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So some of the needs there are treatment needs that emerged from our conversations. The interviews most of the agents have doctor database as against the doctor community. So we think a doctor community can.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, kind of make it more reactive and more responsive? There is a need for a framework where doctors can participate. So essentially the agencies. They have their own framework. They put doctors there so but the framework is indirect. So the doctors are not part of that framework. So what we are
Lilliana Robinson: thinking, and part of the need and gap we saw from the interview is that if there is a new framework where doctors and the hospitals can put together, maybe it can reduce the cost, and then location future is pretty difficult for both the hospitals and the doctors, and that leads on to
Lilliana Robinson: finally, the last slide. So these are the 3 key insights that they match.
Lilliana Robinson: and we are now saying, Okay, based on
Lilliana Robinson: whatever feedback we've gotten these 3 things. These are the 4 things we are helping to. So I think what's happening here is there's another layer of unpacking and analysis that's required to follow the right format when it comes to the ultimate inside statements for jobs to be done in space on the library for the Y, that, notwithstanding.
Lilliana Robinson: out of everything that you're saying here that you are proposing as potential like areas to address that they need.
Lilliana Robinson: Where does the transaction occur like? What is the financial opportunity for you all as a business right now? The financial opportunity is getting hospitals to adopt using our framework to recruit doctors, because what are they paying for those other services today? They are paying. Most of them are paying between 300 to 500 every month.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Wants them to spend what on you instead, we want them to spend money on us in exchange for
Lilliana Robinson: 600. You don't know, are you just okay. So we're gonna charge 600 a month for something that's better than what they're paying 3 to 500 a month for right? So we want them to pay more, and they're going to get more.
Lilliana Robinson: And now we need to work our way backwards. So what you have that's really great is existing tools that are actively being used, that you've done an analysis around. So what's great is that you have a direct comparison to say.
Lilliana Robinson: Use us instead of them, pay more, get more
Lilliana Robinson: right? Yeah. And we have objective ways to solve your problem. I do think that there's
Lilliana Robinson: some work to be done, and feedback that we'll work with you on for making sure we understand those interviews that you've done to make sure you have the right insight, so that we know for sure these are the right things to do. It feels like a lot all at once. So you, if there were one of these that you would choose to prioritize first, for example, I'm curious to know what that would be. But overall. I think
Lilliana Robinson: I I I understand the direction that you're trying to head towards. So I'm hopeful that on a product standpoint we can use what you've learned to like move forward. But that's all I would say. For now
Lilliana Robinson: any other thoughts, questions, feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: You agree? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. R, you got something
Lilliana Robinson: conversation about around like our conversation yesterday.
Lilliana Robinson: How do you feel about this this feedback and insights to to receive like, do you want to move forward?
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, one of the things we are trying to do is to find out from the hospitals.
Lilliana Robinson: We just among this 4 things. One of the key things we tried to do is the number 2, if we can connect hospitals to doctors. So on one hand, because it's a B to be market place, we already building a community of doctors which we have on one side. But the second side is getting hospitals to put their jobs on the platform. So, signing our hospitals and doing a pilot
Lilliana Robinson: and see their willingness.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think what's happening here, though, is that there's a little bit of a a mash up of potential features and desired outcomes that I'm seeing right? So I had the the feature of See lots of Cvs. I have desired outcome of.
Lilliana Robinson: Get the right, doctor, in the right place. So I think we need to focus more of our energy to clarify what you presented and how you're thinking about this, so that we have
Lilliana Robinson: a much like clearer direction for what your next step on the product front would be, and you might even have a chance to get some early commitments from people meaning like, I commit to paying you $600 a month. If you've
Lilliana Robinson: if you provide these things, you know what I mean, like we can get some pre commits and stuff like that. So
Lilliana Robinson: more to do there. Okay, alright, I'll put done
Lilliana Robinson: happy birthday.
Lilliana Robinson: But with you. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: so yeah, our screen criteria was we wanted to talk with the people from the agencies who hire us for any competitive product to collaborate with the customers on the websites or any type of properties above applications.
Lilliana Robinson: So basically, we were ready to talk with 6 people. And we have some insights.
Lilliana Robinson: So the first inside is very emotional. So most of the people we talk to, they said that they cannot do my job like this anymore when they collaborate with the customers.
Lilliana Robinson: somebody felt like a hamster and will chasing down the clients some like some saying the life became too hectic for us, and we need to, you know, find it to to organize it. And once I'd like, I realize there's ways like swearing. But when I receive the customer feedback. So it's about that personal feeling, and
Lilliana Robinson: the like, very vulnerable with the customer feedback. How many of the 7?
Lilliana Robinson: How many of the 7. We're pretty much just like it's, it's the same set. Yeah, the same things, different words. Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: So it's so that's why I kind of summarize it with, I can't do my job like this, because that was like consistent across the board, I was the wow. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So so that's the emotional part of it.
Lilliana Robinson: So the practical part of it is like, I need a better word to communicate with my customers.
Lilliana Robinson: and they said I should a better way to that scramble and annotation on the screenshot like it came, in my favorite phrase. So one said, like mine, customers are not tech not text, not technical. So they don't know what the hell they doing. You know, somebody said that. I just
Lilliana Robinson: looking for the single tool that will help us to organize the customer. Feedback is, I would say, you know, like endless
Lilliana Robinson: calls. And you know any type of like chats and everything so pretty much the same. You know, the same
Lilliana Robinson: 5 different people say the same thing, but different works. Yeah. So that's why I said, it's very important, and it's kind of laced into the practical perspective of it, so they need some kind of tool to better to better work
Lilliana Robinson: so. And the one is social. I'm not sure if it's like social enough. But basically what they saying that we need to provide the best service for our customers, everything for us, and we really depends on customers. So we wanted to provide it with the modern technology to do best by our customers.
Lilliana Robinson: And what do they mean by best.
Lilliana Robinson: so the best by make the customer experience as smooth as they could, and because the most of the customers are not tech savvy? They don't want a customers to learn new things. They wanna just like, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: send the link. But how do we know we've done so like play it. What? What's the outcome that we can measure against to know that we actually accomplishes?
Lilliana Robinson: So I I have that like, we'll force this diagram. So we're like I tried to explain it. But basically, do they do they tip you at the end of the transaction, or do they offer a feedback? Do they sign up for the next service, like, what is the action is taken? So it validates that we provided the best service. Yeah. So we talk with Max about that. And actually, we found out the like perfect phrase for that. It's called like
Lilliana Robinson: customer retention. Basically, what's agency looking for? It's a customer retention. They're looking for the customer to come. Like to like the process, to come back to pay more money
Lilliana Robinson: and to refer other status. That's how. Yeah. That's how business grow. Gotcha
Lilliana Robinson: so thanks, Lennon. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: So I guess, to to wrap up. Talk about your next steps. What are you doing with? I mean, I don't really. Is this all information you already knew? And you're just doing this assigned for us? Or do you have new insights that are gonna learn new tools.
Lilliana Robinson: We implement that very comprehensive onboarding tool inside our app. So they have to like the process of onboarding as smooth as possible.
Lilliana Robinson: Our customer do want to bring us to a new product. So we kind of
Lilliana Robinson: did the like guest access where the customer don't have to log in or like, provide any data
Lilliana Robinson: so they basically just get the link and start working immediately. Right? So what are you gonna do? Different? Given this work? So I, the first step will be, I'm probably gonna change the copy on my website regards to the agency industries.
Lilliana Robinson: And I would like phrase, my like. The entire content flow around the customer retention, because we always concentrate about like on the things like what our agency as a customer wants. But when we like dig a little bit deeper, we understand that it's actually not that important what our agency wants. It's important what the agency customer wants.
Lilliana Robinson: and that's what the green edge is inclined. Okay, I have a favor to ask Sierra, do you mind pulling up the web video site right now.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm just curious to see what it says now, compared to what you wanted to say. We just said so we'll make it real, is the tab. And then? What's the alright? The ultimate visual feedback collaboration, productivity tool for web profession seamlessly share visual feedback and web pages, digital assets of fighting communication. Okay? What are you gonna change?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, it's it's more like universal. It's more like for in house marketing team, and but not for webinars. Is that so so your but your plan is to essentially change this message. I planning to change the specific page related to Webinar. It's now it's gonna scroll down to the to the word, because, like I, we just.
Lilliana Robinson: we haven't like technically published that.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: so where's it gonna be?
Lilliana Robinson: So it's gonna be another menu which related to.
Lilliana Robinson: So I just tied it because I wasn't sure about the content. Yeah, all the way down
Lilliana Robinson: access.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and that
Lilliana Robinson: I don't like that page suddenly. So I hide it in the floor. So it's like.
Lilliana Robinson: that's for website agencies. You see, I hated it. So basically, what we're saying is, probably yeah. So here's the thing like, here's one of the typical things is like, we're awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: We're number one, you know, like. So there's a way to speak to their needs as opposed to how awesome you are. Right? So that's what we're good at.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Can you actually go to other page, we'll create a license exactly for packages for our Pbc campaign. So it's basically get get with V 0. So get.
Lilliana Robinson: so I know we're taking extra time. But yeah, I was inspired.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. GETW. Yeah. Yeah, there you go and slash web agencies. What's that slash web agencies or web, dash, agency, dash, web, dash, slash, web, dash! There you go!
Lilliana Robinson: Never mind. Alright good stuff. This is great. I think. Do you know what you need to do next? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: any any other questions of you guys?
Lilliana Robinson: Any questions?
Lilliana Robinson: It was solid. It was solid. Yeah, it was.
Lilliana Robinson: who is
Lilliana Robinson: this is a labor of love. I know it. I'll jump right into clusters. We talked to
Lilliana Robinson: sustainable travelers or people who like to travel sustainably. We learned pretty quickly that that is just a thing that they like as a validator on the back end. But that's not necessarily what anyone's looking for when they want to plan their vacation instead. What we heard is, I'm paying for them to care about same things I care about.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And that just really affirms that people have limited time. They want to make the most of that limited time when they travel, and they don't mind spending a lot of money and having sustainable option. It's kind of like an affirmation for them to go, fully, relax and enjoy that luxury
Lilliana Robinson: so big learning for us to then move into to then move into talking to people less about sustainability, and see if it comes up in the conversation. And we've recruited people who were more into
Lilliana Robinson: offering path travel. So we dug into that and we learned that throughout all 17 people we talked to by now, I think everyone at some point, in some shape or form, said, I don't want to be that American tourist
Lilliana Robinson: that means to them that they don't want to be laughed at. They don't want to be surrounded by those people, and they definitely don't wanna make cultural forecasts get it wrong, get lost in a place where it's harder to navigate.
Lilliana Robinson: So really interesting learning. We, I'll I'll get into what we could do with that potentially. But let's go to the third and a quick interjection. I just wanna comment that I think it's really cool. How the Trevor's team and Lisa included, which interviewees map to which job that's that's really cool, that they map it like.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. That was kind of the it's it was almost a progression from the first to the second. That's kind of more overall to then this. And then we learn that there's different groups within this cluster. 3. Everyone says I go off the path. It's an identity to them. It's really important to them. They do that, that's just their thing. It then, however, changes for some people when they grow up and have these adult commitments. Aka kids or busy careers
Lilliana Robinson: some of those people still pride themselves of travel in that way, and they find a way to make it work with their children. It takes a lot more research. What matters to them more now is that they can trust the people that book with
Lilliana Robinson: and the places they go to, so they don't go to Columbia necessarily, but maybe they go to somewhere where they can still feel like they exploring in the culture, they showing the kids how it's done. They really proud of that that the kids experience travel that way. But they also say things like, but I'm really tired, and they combine this exploration, this adventuring with luxury. So they go and hike not to pitch you, and then they stay at a resort for 5 days and don't move afterwards.
Lilliana Robinson: But they proud that they kids experience cultures in that way. The other version is the people with kids who give up and then just go to Costco travel. And basically say, I miss this, I still identify that way. But I just can't make it work because I'm exhausted. And my kids are like tiring as fuck. And I need to. Sorry. I need to just like plan an activity day. So they they get the energy out, and I can lay the pool. And that's their little moment of
Lilliana Robinson: that that thing that they talk about missing that like spontaneous freedom of wondering. They just get that from these little brief moments at the pool. Now, while the kids are busy and then.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, yeah. The next one under that section is when we felt like, All right, too much kid talk. We want to talk to the people who have careers and are interested in traveling that way. But don't have kids.
Lilliana Robinson: From then we learned that to get that balance of luxury and immersion, they do a ton of research, or they only trust locals. Everyone. Basically, says I, I don't do trip advisor. Don't do expedia or those big brands. I just want to get that experience from where the locals go. I want that expert opinion, and I want to validate my research that way.
Lilliana Robinson: That was the big learning that then led to. If you scroll a little more, please.
Lilliana Robinson: on going on, and I was just a little bit lasting.
Lilliana Robinson: It led us to kind of first, I think. First learning was regenerative. Marketplace is now an immersive off the path marketplace. That means we need to update our inventory in our language. That's the easiest first step still, marketplace need to be to see. We can definitely do that. We still pilot in Hawaii. Try that out. One big learning and something that was testing out is people want a local expert and personalized trips.
Lilliana Robinson: So we could do that by instead of running ads, we gonna just recruit them directly with sales. Go to jail at the watering polls like travel, Facebook groups and stuff like that. And we'll test out these personalized itineraries, tips and recommendations like the locals.
Lilliana Robinson: And then one thing that we want to explore that's potentially something completely different or just a V 2 or v, 3 of traverse is the good guest is that learning of everyone wants to not be that American tourist. But get it right?
Lilliana Robinson: So we're trying to connect with Hta and government travel, tourism bureaus, and things like that, to figure out how we can do some sort of Tc. Pre. Check the travelers to then give them access to those off the beep path places. And figure out how we can
Lilliana Robinson: really improve that relationship of locals and tourists. Currently. So a couple of things, one, I'm gonna not talk as much because I have to offer up credit to Lisa and the Traverse team they sent me this
Lilliana Robinson: 2 weeks ago.
Lilliana Robinson: It was like 2 weeks. It was over 2 weeks ago, 2 weeks ago. They were like, here it is. What do you think?
Lilliana Robinson: Then we had a legendary box cause they wanted to have a meeting also. Let's try Boxer, and they was like, I can't do it. And I'm like, Yes, you can. And then really did it. That being said like, what was missing. Was this page? Right? You you all didn't have this, so you don't know how to work since we we talked about it.
Lilliana Robinson: But I gotta say, like the amount of effort and commitment you all have had to doing. This
Lilliana Robinson: is overridden. My allergy to any business model related to travel, because for the past 10 years I've been dealing with all these Mbas and all these people who want to build travel company. I know I'm sorry, but a lot of that. Every Mba. Class I've ever taught is a travel company that tries to get started. The fitness. Well, exactly, I understand. But I'll say this is.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna spend a lot more time with the traverse team working through this because they have spent the most time with me working on jobs so far out of all of you. So I'm super proud of them. So I think it's more valuable for you all to weigh in and give them feedback, but I want to give them a round of applause and a good job.
Lilliana Robinson: Dynamics
Lilliana Robinson: on the way to the bathroom, and I was like, All right, you only got 4 min. He was like, I could talk about this for 4 h. Yeah, sounds great. So
Lilliana Robinson: no, I didn't know. They said this was awesome. You guys know it's awesome, I can tell in your case.
Lilliana Robinson: Did anybody else? You guys have questions for them on how they got here. Maybe your own or any insights
Lilliana Robinson: that was tricky. This is the hardest committee.
Lilliana Robinson: like how many I think we hate. We've
Lilliana Robinson: did 18 or 19, but I think we distilled 16 because 16 but worth digging into quality, there is a disclaimer, the speed of C, so it's obviously a lot harder to get the businesses on the phone from all of B Twob in the craft, but just awesome stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: But we started Jtb, suppliers.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go. Okay, cool. Yeah, I can tell on your basic, you're just like comes for the insights we have, like a big big picture plan. We have some like, really my much more in the minutia as well.
Lilliana Robinson: But their next steps are clear, like we are with Tavars on what they're trying to do next. So you all have the side conversation check in. Oh, how's the Tsa Pre check been going, or like you could talk to about their strategy now that we all have a shared understanding about what they're trying to
Lilliana Robinson: super. Thank you for sharing. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Beautiful design to run there. Let's go right. Where's the poker shark. I'm gonna take all the money.
Lilliana Robinson: So here now, here are all 3 key insights. So first one leaders are concerned about falling behind the AI landscape. So I wanna I wanna try this so our screening criteria is our paying customers. So actually, we thought that they are more technical guys, and we figured out that they are not non technical
Lilliana Robinson: and half more than half of the the interviewees. There were leaders, executives, presidents. So we found that that kind of leaders they are worried about falling behind.
Lilliana Robinson: And also they wanna have that relevant conversation with their clients or other people. So in social. They wanna be in the space they wanna know. Understand the AI just to not watching TV. They wanna understand how we purpose. And then the last makers, engineers, or did
Lilliana Robinson: the individual contributor, the 3 viewers? They don't want to spend too much time on integrations. So they they know how AI works, but they don't wanna spend debugging integrated chance, especially with Microsoft teams over others.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me go through one by one.
Lilliana Robinson: So the Anthony, one above my favorite customer. So he's the he's in charge of adopting AI, bringing AI into the workloads, and to the end, of course, entire company. So when he saw how Gpt works. When he saw the Openai assistant he thought that he want to bring it to the their primary tools.
Lilliana Robinson: It's because they he wants to introduce that to their staffs.
Lilliana Robinson: So just not wanting to to, they actually want you to use it so that they can stay competitive and then keep their clients. Yeah, thank you. So Paul is the president of the razor away that. He states that people keep asking questions
Lilliana Robinson: on the slack in the slack. And also they are H police, Hr policies or medical protocols. They keep seeing he keep kept seeing that people answering same questions within their the knowledge in their head. So he wanted to use AI for that. Of course he already knew a lot, so that he made the organization more efficient and a lot stronger.
Lilliana Robinson: So for the next one, Juliana, he's an engineer. But actually he got the tasks to make the custom Gpt accessible from the Microsoft teams.
Lilliana Robinson: and he knew that he didn't like the Microsoft teams.
Lilliana Robinson: He didn't want to do that by himself. So actually his manager tried to do that by himself, but he found some struggles, and a every time he found some trouble he changed the Julian to resolve it above.
Lilliana Robinson: So he said his manager that let's wait. Let's wait. I know that there will be some solutions come out for this, and they stumbled on our solutions, and then they are trying to get it. So he said that he wanna put with he don't want to spend a lot of time, weeks and weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's the 3, just to be the interviews I wanna introduce. Instead of going through this, I wanna introduce what we are going to do. So we're going to
Lilliana Robinson: try 2 things. One is sales part. We didn't try before sales sales. So out outbound sales. Yeah. So we are going to list down our prospects. And according to this Jtbd learning
Lilliana Robinson: we are going to find out we heard that there's a chief AI officer. So there is a innovation team that kind of teams the companies who doesn't have engineering powers enough, but still interested in that kind of approaches, and they pay workflows that we are going to list them and reach out to them.
Lilliana Robinson: Another part is the marketing. So we are going to change our landing website messages so actually previously. Until last week we, our major target audience of the marketing was consultancy, and
Lilliana Robinson: we found that not. It's not about the industry. It's about the their teams or their their interest.
Lilliana Robinson: I/O, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah. Still, we are going to change this. This is the previous one. And if you go to the solutions.
Lilliana Robinson: So actually, this was for the consulting clients, and we are going to change this.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, if you go a little bit further down the at the use cases, and then
Lilliana Robinson: the features here. But instead of introducing this kind of the features first, we're going to take a 30 s video for the the the executives.
Lilliana Robinson: So that introduce your AI ideas to your teams today.
Lilliana Robinson: And then so and then on the on the manual page, the on the
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, there's a, we have a really cool later.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, we have this kind of interactive tutorial. And it's quite difficult for them to understand. I think they can understand how it works, but it's difficult for them to understand the value. So we are going to put the video offside before this.
Lilliana Robinson: we actually from the other one to this good. So alright. So so both, you're gonna start doing outbound sales. And you have things on the landing page. You're changing anything else in the business. What about the like product?
Lilliana Robinson: One of the top priority is changing our features for the non-technical people, and the problem is that most of our bouncing users.
Lilliana Robinson: they are not even come to the integrating endpoint. So the the the most turn at the most bounce rate happens just before integrating channel flight or team. But if they integrate it, 80% of them actually succeeded to integrate as retention goes up if they get to the point where they actually understand. If the integration you need to get the non technical folks to the integration is faster.
Lilliana Robinson: but they're more likely to understand the benefit of using the app. Got it?
Lilliana Robinson: It's okay. Yeah. Thank you. And one of the good advice from the Max is that having guided on boarding instead of this set on boarding right now, Adam, so we are testing it out. So 25% of new visitors there, they cannot see sign up, but they can see the booker scheduled.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey? Let's go. Snow.
Lilliana Robinson: dear. Thanks for tag teaming here. We appreciate you. Djing.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm doing my best. I'm sorry
Lilliana Robinson: it's a mic circuit.
Lilliana Robinson: That's
Lilliana Robinson: how's everybody doing? Okay, we're doing great good.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know the jet lag, but it'll be fine. What what time is in your your home address?
Lilliana Robinson: How about 1 one am. Cool. So we empowered drink brands to launch and grow new markets. I really like. I think it was Jason free that has the the before like
Lilliana Robinson: like before they buy before. Why they buy there is why they shop, and so it kind of inspired us to think is like for us. The brands
Lilliana Robinson: join us in order to sell. So it's
Lilliana Robinson: why it's not why they sell, but why they want to be shoppable. That's our step
Lilliana Robinson: like before before the while. You can go down the next next slide. I know what you mean by that? Yeah, you all understand what he's saying. So, okay?
Lilliana Robinson: And for so
Lilliana Robinson: we wanted to understand the pain points the motivators, and really the trigger points, where they signed with your distributors. At the beginning we started with brands that were our own customers in the last 6 months, and then we spread to brands that were not our customers, or with other distributors in the last 6 months. The reason for that is that we had a bit of A. So we know our customers because we've served them and work with them, and we know them personally. And so it was a bit hard to resurface on the emotional stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: And we found it actually was more helpful, at least for the emotional stuff with brands that we didn't sign up yet. But we've gotten good information from from both.
Lilliana Robinson: We can move to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: the brands are all different background sizes or regions. That there's one thing that puts them in common is that they're all craft brands, and they're all eager to grow and expand the reach. We saw 3 clusters that emerged from the interviews. If you go down to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So the first cluster which we name like the sure deal are brands that already have shown demand in the market. The second ones are brand that strategically want to start in the market market being a country. But don't have the the demand yet. And then the third one which we called opportunists our brand. Generally they're looking to grow, but don't have any strategy or plan relevant to to that market.
Lilliana Robinson: There's like, it almost sounds like you're describing
Lilliana Robinson: their their circumstance. But what is do they have different struggling moments? Or is the struggling moment to see that
Lilliana Robinson: so the the frustration they have are are a bit different. So I would say, the first one. The the main emotion that we got is frustration because they want to jump over the barrier in order. They already have clients signed up, and they're really frustrated because they can't get started. This exactly the second one. They have a strategy. They're not frustrated, but often that the word that that we heard is, they feel like they're a low priority for the distributors. That was something we we had in 3 of the 3 of the quotes
Lilliana Robinson: where they felt like they're a low priority for the distributors, and that is the reason why they would not want to go for them. So they're not first. Their moment. They sound like they have country that they want to start in right now, and they retry and retry, and they got frustrated, but rather they. They have a strategy. They want to get into those markets. But the traditional distribution model hasn't been really kind to them, because I feel like they're a low priority in their, in, in their in their chain, should they be low priority
Lilliana Robinson: if they're kind of small medium sized brands. So, generally speaking, most distributors. Only, like 5 of the catalog report, flash ends up selling, and about 95% of the brands that end up getting like the light of day. Really
Lilliana Robinson: excellent. So I think that is why they feel like low priority. And so their their sentiment was that
Lilliana Robinson: while there's, you know, that habits and and good points to say about traditional distribution. They generally just said, despite all that we felt like, we're low priority for them. And then the third one, which is called opportunist, where usually brands that we reach out to through through direct sales. Which basically we're not looking to start in the markets that are active in particular, but are happy to learn about the opportunity.
Lilliana Robinson: and
Lilliana Robinson: for us it gives us insights of what it takes somebody who doesn't have
Lilliana Robinson: the meet right now, or the intention to start in one of our markets and get them to feel like they would want to start to launch in that market. So which of these is yours? Because the way you've described it sounds like door number one, number one for sure. Okay, number one is our is our is our baby, no no doubt about it. And part of the challenge. And this is, we can go to. We'll go to the inside at the end. But part of the challenge is
Lilliana Robinson: identifying what number one looks like on paper. Which? I can already give some insights which for us was understanding. It's oftentimes brands that have a stronger presence online. More followers mean that the reach is going further. Oftentimes, just like things like a better website already. Give us indication of how, how, how well, how well they are! The amount of markets already, and how well they're performing in those markets give us indication, of their budgets and oftentimes of the marketing effort they've done online that then, will
Lilliana Robinson: come to demand that they already exist in those markets. So number one is really, really, really our thing. That being said
Lilliana Robinson: number 3 is a much larger group than the number one in terms of just number of brands.
Lilliana Robinson: So your trip will be figuring out who amongst the number 3 becomes no number, because you have to be getting bigger. Yeah, that's tricky, totally
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So so just I know I took a little bit of extra time, so I'll give you a little bit more. You want to talk about your next steps. And yeah, so yeah, if you want, you can go all the way all the way down to the to the bottom, so it almost felt like this. 3. It just at the end. It's in the way, like all the 3 categories are kind of like escape from one being like the optimal position number 2 loses some of the characteristic number 3 loses a lot of the characteristic which makes the most ideal and so for us, the trigger for signing up
Lilliana Robinson: which we understand from Group One. It's really the fact that they have the opportunity already line up. And so the feeling of the opportunity of the opportunity stronger it is, the more vivid it is, the more willing that they'll be to have that that trigger points that for us was that for us was like a big understanding, because
Lilliana Robinson: even if they want to start, what really makes them like, take out their credit card and sign up
Lilliana Robinson: is having the trigger, the trigger moments. So that for us was was really key. So focusing on number one. And like, I said before, how to identify them. So like their size, they exist in the market strong presence online.
Lilliana Robinson: another thing which. So I have a question just to jump to the final piece here, which is
Lilliana Robinson: bullet number 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, right? So getting sell into cluster one. You talk us through what these sales steps are. Yeah, from like you right now to, I'm gonna go sit down and sell this afternoon. What are the steps you have to take to get to the point where they are a part of your platform. So
Lilliana Robinson: our our pipelining, so most of them is this outbound. So reaching, we reach out to them, we reach out all, all of the above. What what's been most effective is social media. Which we didn't think at the beginning or something. Yeah, exactly. So you DM them on social. Exactly. Then we we share them a link. We share a bit of information presentation
Lilliana Robinson: set up a what we call a discovery call, which is really the Rex sales call. We do the direct sales call which we go over the model, the the positive sides. Afterwards we share with them. A presentation which we learned later on, that we need that kind of internal champion in the company in order to help spread the word, which for us was a point that we're stuck in for a while. We're speaking to somebody. It was nice. But then the kind of the momentum kind of phase away. So a lot of working around empowering the person was speaking
Lilliana Robinson: and likes a solution in order to get the rest of the team to work. Yes, now, when it's a really small team of like 4 or 5 people, it's less of a problem. But when it's a bigger company, and you know, we, the the small companies about things, it's good. But my big companies are also nice for us to have. We really need to be able to have that internal champion fighting fighting for us. And another few things is just because.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, we're a startup. We're not that we're we're not a huge company. We feel like for the customers. It was really important for for our customers important for them to to trust us, and idea of like an established system that is proven themselves. That is big enough. That, of course, for fear is something that they care about. So I think on one side we kind of have to stretch ourselves to look a bit bigger flex flex. The the little muscles that that we have for now and then, on the other side, really highlight the opportunities
Lilliana Robinson: that they'll get in starting that market almost I wouldn't say fumble, but almost like the the the beginning of it of like, wow! If they don't do that, then we'll be missing. And all these other things that can happen afterwards. Hey? Last last question, what did you learn that was new that you didn't already know before doing this prospect?
Lilliana Robinson: I think, because
Lilliana Robinson: I think we're a bit older to some of the companies here. And so before we did this, I've spoken to literally hundreds of brands. So I think a lot of the details.
Lilliana Robinson: We're out there in the air. What this process kind of help is, just make it so clear. 3 things as opposed to having like a million things in my head, and like, like, what should we do and go and go after? Yeah, which is really what we need now, because we really need to execute, and execution will be better if we're not doing a million things, but rather doing like one or 2 things and running with it.
Lilliana Robinson: Good stuff!
Lilliana Robinson: Alright! Who's next?
Lilliana Robinson: Hello!
Lilliana Robinson: So we did 5 interviews with directors of adult beverage. So these are people who are working in a retail store, and they manage only the adult beverage. Section.
Lilliana Robinson: these people. They use pairings market wise, or they've added wine training for their employees scroll.
Lilliana Robinson: What we're learning is oh, yeah. So what we're learning is all these people. They're going in the what kicks them to start shopping for a new solution is organize like organizational change. So they're getting new bosses. And then they're getting promoted. And then they're also managing more people.
Lilliana Robinson: So this could be good or bad. They're feeling like, Oh, how do I make up for that expertise that my boss had, or they're like, oh, not to clean up this guy's mess at the movies. Go to the next one.
Lilliana Robinson: Another commentary is, there's
Lilliana Robinson: a gap between them as director, but they'll beverage with their boss, which is what they call leadership. And these people are actually controlling the budget, whereas these directors, they don't have a handle on the budget at all. So what they have to do they feel like they always have a fight for their space in comparison to all the other directors who maybe they do food and snack where they feel like it's easier, whereas for them they're like my leadership is scared to even like touch me or invest into me because of all our complexities. So you scroll down?
Lilliana Robinson: So here's some of the things that they've
Lilliana Robinson: changed in their wine aisle as directors of adult beverage. They've added a third party wine training system from a distributor. They've done wine brochures. So they like demanded from a marketing team like, Hey, we need one for wine, specifically and then or they've hired third party sampling companies just for wine or a little bit scroll.
Lilliana Robinson: So you can scroll to the bottom.
Lilliana Robinson: So what we're finding out is that these directors of adult beverage, they're not the ultimate decision maker. They don't control the budget. They're in all these countries. They're like, Oh, someone with a pay rate, or someone with a pay rate above me is deciding that not me. So they're like, oh, I'm just trying to make the best decision within the constraints that I'm given. So they feel like a lack of autonomy in that sense. So really, our big question right now is.
Lilliana Robinson: who is the the decision maker for shopper engagement and marketing initiatives store wide? Not just an adult beverage for Y space. So we're like expanding it to a processor, because we're assuming, you know, zoning into the adult beverage category is actually making it harder for us. So I wonder? Maybe there's a whole separate team, just for you know, shopper engagement in a store in general.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're we've formatted our screening criteria to look for anyone who is maybe changed for cross aisle marking cross ail markings a term that we heard like the jargon that they use, or maybe they added a new digital method to engage shoppers.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're assuming that these people might be Vp of sales. So the bosses of the directors or marketing teams stuff like that? Can we jump to page 6? I want. I'm actually curious to know what you had there.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you talk us through this as well.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah. So what's funny is like in one of the interviews, he said. Basically, he hired a third party wine education training for his voice because it let me get back to my core job
Lilliana Robinson: as director of adult bird, that bridge. They're really focused on pricing strategy and assortment. So they he only wants to really focus on choosing what wines are getting in the store he doesn't really care about, you know, training his employees to the same level that his boss said before him, right functionally, what's really funny about came out this
Lilliana Robinson: they, as directors of adult beverage. They don't feel comfortable asking for help from any of the their teams in the in their own company, like they don't want to ask it for help. They don't want to pull in marketing there. They only chose solutions where they're like. Oh, I could do it, and only took me like 45 min a week.
Lilliana Robinson: if it involve anyone else. They they were just like, no, and it didn't go through socially. They they just got promoted, and within their first year they usually want to do something that shows success. So. And whenever they get a new boss they strategically partner with that with that person who's taking over the role. And they're like, Hey, you want to work together. Let's like make this deal happen right?
Lilliana Robinson: And then, emotionally, they wanted. They just want to feel equally respected compared to all their colleagues at the same level, and that's what. Thank you for that. So, in addition to your next steps with the interviews, what are the business next? Steps like? What progress are you all trying to make? Practically as a company now, to continue to drive either revenue or whatever other progress you're measuring?
Lilliana Robinson: I could take a look at it.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're gonna
Lilliana Robinson: through our website. You could take a look at it. Now, we need to be more focused on the specific people that are going to be
Lilliana Robinson: hiring us, which is
Lilliana Robinson: the people in shopper marketing, right? And also what we need to leverage what we've done already. We work with wineries that are boutique wineries. And we're now targeting the large winers that pay for that budget. So even though we're focused on shopper marketing, the retailers. They own that budget, but ultimately pay for it are the winners. So 8 to 10% of the adult beverage sales
Lilliana Robinson: our reserve or shop or marketing. But we want to follow the revenue. So we need to now focus on who are spending that money so that we're now going to be talking specifically, things that we're doing is in store engagement
Lilliana Robinson: e-commerce, right? It's all going to the same solution. It's not that we focus specifically on what they're gonna be buying what they're what they're trying to. You know the need that they they have. It's all about wine, marketing, wine, education. But follow the dollar and and really target the
Lilliana Robinson: let's say, a gallo, for example. Sorry. So it's a gallo.
Lilliana Robinson: their wine marketing budget, but also how that relates to the retailers and how it gets dispensed, and then it trickles down to the adult
Lilliana Robinson: very hard for managers, because they benefit from it, even though they don't control the dollar spent. So they're kind of stakeholders, influencers, but not necessarily the ones that will be spending the money.
Lilliana Robinson: But I mean, I think, where you're at at least you put in a ton of work to understand the situation.
Lilliana Robinson: Are you all feel like you have the capacity to pursue all these
Lilliana Robinson: things at once. So that I haven't set to my team. But we need to kind of leverage where we are right now. I mean, for example, we have a great
Lilliana Robinson: use case with Swiss wine employee right? And each organization the Swiss wine promotion that is bested in marketing Swiss wines to the us consumer down to the retail. We can follow this.
Lilliana Robinson: We would have, I think, a good narrative
Lilliana Robinson: that that ties everything together. Alright
Lilliana Robinson: arts
Lilliana Robinson: will not be a decision
Lilliana Robinson: like my I want to know, like, how are you as compared to champions like, you know, you mentioned something about like they want to prove themselves and show that
Lilliana Robinson: start both like
Lilliana Robinson: right? How do you sell the value in your company as far as like costs? How we save their money, or maybe pre-sales. Right?
Lilliana Robinson: So what I'm noticing is because they're so scared of asking for help from anyone else in the company, right? If it involves it. They're just like, okay, basically, it will never happen. So we need to make sure whatever we're selling, it will only take one person to do hopefully, or maybe not even they only need to do anything. Maybe we'll do it for them. So so we need to be cautious of that.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, thanks! Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: so one of the other pivots that we're doing, we recognize that this retail is like a big monster as far as getting the right people. The sales cycle, etc, and so when they first started, they were really focusing on wineries and putting the like QR code widget on the Wineries website. So we're pivoting that we're still gonna be targeting wineries. But our goal is to get the QR code put on the wine bottle
Lilliana Robinson: because we did some research to look at the amount of wine bottles that are sold in the United States on that annual basis, and the past to revenue from there. It makes a lot of sense if we like really narrow down to even just like 1% of California market.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're gonna be reaching back to our current wine race that have the widget on our on their page. And we're gonna be talking with them about getting the QR code on the bottle. And so in that case, it's like, you know, I can stay on the bottle right? I can pull up the pairing and then also we'll be targeting from a retail perspective like wine shops
Lilliana Robinson: that maybe have a shorter sales cycle. So we can start to have more proof of concept for these larger ones when we go there. And we can show them like by using our technology, you're gonna have an increase in X percent. And ultimately, that's
Lilliana Robinson: okay, alright. So we we do have to move on. We have so much more to talk about. Very big team. Alright, I'm ready. I've been working hard. We'll work with you on the next step. A good job. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Okay. We we found co-host that AI. So we are gonna take one all up.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so very simple. That's
Lilliana Robinson: we only have, like 6 interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: people that is using a decorator higher decorator in the last years.
Lilliana Robinson: And we are clustering in. I think we we found these 3 main clusters.
Lilliana Robinson: First is up. Okay, remember one thing, we are a commission based company in the business model we have today with the retailers.
Lilliana Robinson: But we are doing everything to users, because if they're these guys buying stuff, we get paid if they don't, as they have been at the last month.
Lilliana Robinson: and we don't get paid. So.
Lilliana Robinson: understanding this guys is crucial and we well, thank you, Kate, also for helping us on this and customer one. I want the phone feel like it's mine. I want to feel a sense of belonging with it.
Lilliana Robinson: We talk with people that is changing and moving from place to place.
Lilliana Robinson: bring in their own furnitures, and also people that is going into homes that has some furnitures.
Lilliana Robinson: and they are feeling attached to these furnitures.
Lilliana Robinson: They have kind of a messy place and outdated places the spaces not very aesthetically pleasing. So there is a lot of emotion there. That's kind of the first, probably cluster.
Lilliana Robinson: second, something that probably 6. The 6 people to us. I don't want to regret my decisions.
Lilliana Robinson: and this is kind of without this decision for a long time. It's not like you're buying milk. You're buying 3 4 figures in in furnitures and elements. So
Lilliana Robinson: they don't want to get the decisions. And and they don't have like a special patience, you know, like they want to visualize things. They are uncapable, or or sometimes take a decision. This one girl who told us, like
Lilliana Robinson: paralyzed on taking any decision. I have the money to spend here, but I'm paralyzed to to do the decision. I have this anxiety about shows chosen the wrong items.
Lilliana Robinson: or having wrong decision in terms of my design, and keep a thing in my place that I truly don't like.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, that's probably key part to truly understand that there and and then they have all they need to trust in someone, and also they are always talking with people like with a husband with a boyfriend with a friend or someone who is, you know, who has more expertise on the field
Lilliana Robinson: in less than 3, something that probably, like 3 people, told us that they felt kind of
Lilliana Robinson: pressure in terms of social people. That goes to your place and is saying, Is this is not so nice place. So they want to kind of please people, and they they don't want to be embarrassed to invite people over.
Lilliana Robinson: No, just this is the say, everything. 3 things trust. Yeah, we need to be more into inspirational things. We need to up a greater platform with more
Lilliana Robinson: way on on people like
Lilliana Robinson: having the certainty that they are doing it in their homes. So we are already like seeing if we can integrate a picture that you take a picture of your home, and we make everything in your home in your place. Also this thing about people telling you things.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we have to be more social. You know we we don't have much of. I mean, it's kind of you are doing things alone in the platform today, and we need to be more combining them like with them all the way down. And also we have to realize that instead, I mean nobody go by everything at once. They are like
Lilliana Robinson: probably like 3, 6, and even a year, when one person was a year buying, buying and buying and stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And they were working with the Liberator. But the the Gsa. With the Liberator for a year buying different things. And she was buying, you know. So it's around here is what we have to start doing, and we are already doing some changes in the platform. We already put something there chat capability, etc. So that's where we are. We're moving for
Lilliana Robinson: questions, thoughts feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Yeah. I I think you have good next steps as well. I I think there's things to still unravel and unbreave from what you have stated here.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, more time than what we have right now to unpack and go through. But I'm curious also on the sales side. My last question is, what else are you gonna do to acquire more customers?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, in terms of customers. We are doing also partnerships.
Lilliana Robinson: We are trying to figure out how to partner with community managers, platforms.
Lilliana Robinson: digital brokers? And
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, that they already have a customer that are in the process of moving into other place. So probably they're in that moment of true that they are realizing that they need to buy something. And they have a massive amount of customers there. So we are already working with the Heiser platform in TV, like they have 80,000 different apartments
Lilliana Robinson: in the platform. So we we can put there something. And have you also done interviews on the business side? No, yet. And that's something that we're gonna move on. So we are doing more interviews with customers. We have interviews tomorrow and next week, and also we now moving into retakers, got it. Alright cool.
Lilliana Robinson: 3 left. We got this data.
Lilliana Robinson: hey? If
Lilliana Robinson: this recently, I just clicked the people not to also be able to see alright, we interviewed 8 artists
Lilliana Robinson: so far, and we have one more in the pipeline but we found 4 clusters, and we definitely cannot serve all of them. But we definitely can serve some of them. Let me go through the clusters briefly, and then we'll share some insights. Number One, Noah and Fabio. These 2 people are the only Cka users from our the people that we are with. So 2 of them. You are very similar.
Lilliana Robinson: and so they belong together, and not only because of the fact that they use the kit up, but because of their needs and stuff, the other is hired competition. So these guys. They care much more about being creative.
Lilliana Robinson: being doing something unique for their gigs. They don't care so much about the money aspect of it, which is very interesting to me. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Noah! Their their aggregated statement is when I cannot get to that dream thing that I've been trying to get into. I I I think that's because I'm not generating enough. Buzz around my act. Stand out, you know things that would want make them want to book us. I want to build a big, differentiated brand around my band like, I want
Lilliana Robinson: our band to stand something to stand for, something, to have a meaning, to have a a cohesive concept, so that I can be perceived as creative. I, both the organizers that book me and the audience itself. So for them so much more about the perception of others. Feeling like like the band is is great, much more so than the than the money. The guy literally said, this is this is how you I want to make noise. I want to be a rock star.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's go to the second one. The second one. These guys are all about the money. They. They are a cluster, even though they are in very different position. Yoni is basically a superstar, and Neville is
Lilliana Robinson: not a struggling musician, but the not at his level definitely. So, very interestingly, they care about the money, but in a different way than I would have expected. They don't like to have to negotiate fees and and have to drive up the price, especially if it is their friends who are booking them. So when I have to negotiate fees for an upcoming show, the show is coming. That's the forcing function I hate negotiating, but I have to.
Lilliana Robinson: because it's otherwise. I'm not gonna make enough money from this. Then I want to hire someone to negotiate on my behalf. So that I can be appropriately compensated for my gigs, and I feel justified working in this band specifically, instead of spending my time doing other things. So these people don't use to get enough I think we can serve them.
Lilliana Robinson: Not by negotiating on their behalf. We cannot do that. But we can, if if they can get money directly from their fans at the concert and they might even play for free. They might bask at that point, you know, so that that's that's very interesting. Number 3. These. Okay, the 2 ladies and the mayor. So these these were people who feel lost. There's no manual for building a music career. And
Lilliana Robinson: and so they hired a manager actually to get them to help them figure out what to do next. Basically, so when I don't know what to do next, the venues are not replying to my emails. You know I am called the Dming, but they're not answering, and I might need to get the different job to continue to live. I need to figure out what to do. What part of my career should I be spending time and energy on can anybody keep me accountable? Help me build a path, and so on.
Lilliana Robinson: And their purpose is to play more gigs to to, to, you know, continue making a living out of music. There's a financial aspect in there, but it's it's a different. It's a different flavor. I think I called this out in your checkpoint mirror chat. Does one of the best jobs of the I want? I really like your I want just like what Neil said. Like, you move this so I can up there and then. So I can. Is even more deep right? I love that
Lilliana Robinson: nowhere in there does it mention cicada? I want accountability. I want a path towards prestigious stuff like that, all very difficult. Where do I go from here.
Lilliana Robinson: and that's very interesting. And the last Buster is just one guy Josh, it's a lonely person.
Lilliana Robinson: I I don't think we can serve this guy. But anyway, he just wants to so he wants to diversify the kinds of things that he sells at the con at concerts. But he specifically, is an extreme stickler for the quality of the merch that he sells. And so this guy spent months in la interviewing merch providers and he got ripped off.
Lilliana Robinson: So the the purchase, that around which we anchored our Gtb. Interview was, he paid a guy a bunch of money, multiple hundreds of dollars for March, and never got the things I think we call it. This qualifies as a purchase, because the money was exchange, even though the product was never fulfilled. He got it off, anyway. So this guy he's a stickler for quality. He wants the best ever quality. He will not compromise on anything.
Lilliana Robinson: And I think the only competitor to what he's trying to hire here is literally just starting a business making marches. I don't think he has such a high standard. I don't think anything else can fulfill this guy. Yeah. So these are these are the things he. He also cares about being creative much more than the money, but much more about being creative. So the thing that we've learned we've learned I'd I'd say 3 core things. First of all, we need to lean more heavily
Lilliana Robinson: into the creative angle of how secure as a storytelling tool that allows you to be special. And that is good also because it's it's harder to
Lilliana Robinson: it's more subjective. So it's it's it's difficult to make the argument that they should pass $30 a month. If they don't get $30 a month from Cicada in exchange per month
Lilliana Robinson: to have a better creative persona. That that's an argument that I can make in the same way that they can fund however much. $15 a month, for you know their superior design. That's one thing so more more creative focused copy on the website. If we've also learned that people are lost which we knew from our own experience. But we didn't think about that at all. So they are very lost. So if we can provide, I think.
Lilliana Robinson: and that's why educational content has worked for us in acquiring users. If we provide free educational content, we we get domain authority musicians will gravitate and trust us, and then they will be much more likely to sign up. And the third thing that we learned is that
Lilliana Robinson: I don't think musicians at this level, except for maybe only the superstar are really gonna make us a lot of money. I mean, they might pay $30. And it's nice. Subscription is good. It's easy to make money using subscriptions.
Lilliana Robinson: but at the same time we really think, having listened, having talked to a lot of mentors and having done these interviews, that probably we need to go up market, or at least try both. At least try both you guys. And he's worried about your Upmarket strategy. He's like, very. He's like skeptical, obviously
Lilliana Robinson: on the music industry. But yeah, hopefully, we can. That would be incredible if I can talk to him. Yes, we have a lot more to talk about, obviously, with what he just said, yes.
Lilliana Robinson: amazing. Sounds like, you're a little out of state. Amazing. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, if you don't feel, let's go from 0.
Lilliana Robinson: That's okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, it's not my question. Yeah, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: the the mic is up there.
Lilliana Robinson: I think it is. Yeah, that's right.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you meet Max? I I just. We just met him today.
Lilliana Robinson: Desktop.
Lilliana Robinson: Aye.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, can you actually go up before I even go into this? Okay? So hey, guys, so real quick, the types of people that we talked to were in house lawyers who deal with transactions. So contracts of any kind.
Lilliana Robinson: And ideally also was there a subgroup there
Lilliana Robinson: we tried to focus on. You know, lawyers who are focused on financial contracts. But we didn't try to, you know, limit ourselves to just those. Okay? Happy luxury.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Understood? And to the extent that we could, we tried to make sure that they recently switched to a competing tool, or they've used the contract analysis tool in the past.
Lilliana Robinson: So that you know, we could gauge. Why, they switch to that tool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Sarah. Now, can you please go to the next one?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so these are the 3 kind of buckets and 3 different things that we heard first is, I want more time with my family and kids. So if you think about in house lawyers a lot of them are overworked. They work really long hours and so like the route like, if you do our see, like root cause analysis really go down. They were like, you know, we want more time with my family, my kids.
Lilliana Robinson: more personal time for whatever personal hobbies that we have. If you have an AI powered contract analysis tool that can help me do my job faster I'll have a personal time.
Lilliana Robinson: That's one here, low, lower than microphone and so the second thing is, I want to reduce dependency and spending on outside counsel. So if you think about in house lawyers, they oftentimes for very specific or specialized work, they engage outside counsel outside counsel, meaning law firms.
Lilliana Robinson: And law firms charge a lot of money right? They bill by the hour, and they charge thousands of dollars and to the extent that they don't hire a full time employee they would rather just get our tool. So let me understand the second one a little more, because I think you just said is important to what happens if they don't reduce dependency. What? What is the the ramification?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you're just spending thousands on for what? Like on to get fired? Just want to get reprimanded? Yeah. So like, what happens because of it
Lilliana Robinson: when they when they reduce dependency. I want to reduce dependency. But if I don't reduce dependency, yeah, then they just spend a lot of money on outside council A, a. So I spend a lot of money on outside cancel. So what?
Lilliana Robinson: So they're they're already here as a cost center. And if they're not getting things to the pipeline like to say they're only a deal
Lilliana Robinson: that doesn't look good. Right? So you strapped resources. You're getting a request from all ends of the business yet, especially with the customer facing functions functions.
Lilliana Robinson: And so that's an alternative that they would rather not consider. But they are forced to consider that. Just so I'm only I'm not asking because we excluded it. I know you know it. Thank you. Yeah. And then the third thing is, you know what we heard repeatedly, was, you know our org is doing budget cuts, and hence my team is overburdened and understaffed. So I want to be able to do more with less
Lilliana Robinson: kind of going back to the first point a little bit. But these are specifically organizations that have been doing budget cuts? Or have they recently cut their budgets for the legal departments, and hence they're extremely understaffed and overburdened. And they would
Lilliana Robinson: benefit from a jimmy. I powered contract analysis tool and help me. I'm gonna try to fill in the gap here. I'm gonna make a guess. Bad times get worse. People end up, not staying ends up being a bad culture, bad outcomes, costing more time to hire more people because you're not able to keep people around because you're overworking them, and you're running a bad business. Exactly. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: and then so I would say, you know what? We're gonna take as action items from this. You don't have a slide for this. But I would say, along 2 verticals, right go to market and product for go to market. We're gonna change our messaging a little bit so that it's more tailored around these pain points.
Lilliana Robinson: across the board and then also focus our go to market efforts on Smb's so like small small legal departments. And you know, Smb's basically small businesses.
Lilliana Robinson: So, for example, we just talked to David will brand yesterday. And he mentioned this exact pinpoint number 2 that you know we want to reduce dependency on outside council, and so he's he's engaged us. Or is Wendy engages for a pilot hopefully with Picasso. So
Lilliana Robinson: I'm extremely excited about that. Okay, yeah, that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Yeah. And so on the the product front. One thing we're doing is what we've noticed is a lot of these people. They want custom or tailored implementations of our product. So a lot of our competitors. They offer general tools like I mentioned last time I presented here. So to the extent that we can offer them tailored functionality to what they need. They're much more inclined to bring us on as a as they're, you know, as a customer.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, those are 2 things that we're doing any questions feedback for
Lilliana Robinson: Lexi.
Lilliana Robinson: Sorry I don't have not to say it anymore. I'm sorry. Last time.
Lilliana Robinson: Good. Okay? Oh, yeah, being in the corporate world so
Lilliana Robinson: many years. And the number 2 is kind of yeah struggle.
Lilliana Robinson: But it's super hard. And so probably like going deep in there, because there's a lot of happening when you try to
Lilliana Robinson: have they been to see in another Site Council for teams
Lilliana Robinson: to Bernie. But that's some.
Lilliana Robinson: Is there? Is there anything that you all are like concerned about with your next step of strategy? Are we full steam ahead?
Lilliana Robinson: No, we're full soon. Okay, great. Okay. The hard part is, when you go, do it. So
Lilliana Robinson: bring us home. Let's go worship.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, truly.
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So yeah, we just did the document and the why. Before the bye, we'll just go ahead and get into the 3 main clusters that we found alright. So first one first every minute counts.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's defined typically by people who balance their small business with personal responsibility. Professional responsibilities like things like parenting. I feel like this graphic we made of, like a mom holding a baby holding another like bag full of packages in one arm like it really does paint an accurate picture of like who that cluster is. A little bit
Lilliana Robinson: every minute counts.
Lilliana Robinson: So what
Lilliana Robinson: drives them to thrift ship because of this realization?
Lilliana Robinson: If we can scroll a little bit out some quotes like, tie it together.
Lilliana Robinson: Literally, this one I was asking my husband to actually come home earlier, so I can go to the post office without the kids, because it's just easier. And another one was like, usually, Sunday is my packaging day. Sunny evening is my day, and it's hard because I'm trying to spend it with my husband and also spend that day with my kids because she works the whole week. And so.
Lilliana Robinson: okay. So I wanna actually, I, I still have the same question. I think you know, with those quotes, because I'm curious to know what like having this realization of the time not being like spent properly, or.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, being very cherished.
Lilliana Robinson: Therefore I will take this action to like, do it. Do they seek you out, or do they chance upon
Lilliana Robinson: at least in the discovery, like customer discovery we've done. It seems to be more of a chancing upon us, so they are a small business they're talking to and buying from other small businesses. And eventually someone sends them a thrift ship link. And they're like
Lilliana Robinson: what the fuck. Is this essentially so? Maybe we'll get there with the other ones. But I I feel like there's an opportunity here for you to meet them somewhere rather than just hoping they find you. There's a Hello. We're here. We know what you're going through. Okay, alright.
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So the second cluster we had was create more worry, less. So these are people who are more focused and honed in on the craft, and they don't really care to spend much time on the business aspects of running their business. They just enjoy actually just getting to do the fun. Artistic, passionate side of it, like going drifting up cycling. We had a an interview who actually sells pottery and uses for ship itself pottery.
Lilliana Robinson: And so like this is like one quote we had, but I think we had it in like, I think 3 or 4 other customer discovery interviews I was like. So like, tell me about your business like, what do you like. Not like there. Shipping, shipping and taxes is kind of what we kept hearing. And so it's one of those like
Lilliana Robinson: keeping it as like a side thing. They wanted it to be mindless, essentially same question here. So what happens at Trigger Zoom to then pursue or realize that they need something to help same thing. They're chancing upon us.
Lilliana Robinson: Can we meet them? Alright one more down and then stronger together, simpler for me. And this is the one theme we're like they're not chancing upon us is like they are seeking us out, or they are being like preached to about us for other tools. So these are individuals who are typically in the early stages, starting a thrifting business. Usually they are following other thrifting accounts, see them posting it, and that inspires them to make their own.
Lilliana Robinson: And then what we found was interesting is like the last person we talked to. She actually is part of a group chat and is also paying like 30 30 bucks? Or was it 20? Yeah, 30 bucks a month
Lilliana Robinson: for a like telegram channel, where it's a bunch of resellers who sell on their like, who's on Instagram, who are like sharing tips and tricks of the trade. So it's very community focus and community based. And yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: the 3 clusters we scroll down a little. We have the attendees so kind of alright. And I feel like I'm just gonna talk about them, but, like the main job to be done, I feel like is
Lilliana Robinson: kind of what I figured out like is the key essential thing of all this is like they want. I want to make shipping mindless like that one quote I think I had from the first week we did the presentations of like. Oh, it only took 4 clicks. I just
Lilliana Robinson: I feel like that's really like resurface and a lot of different ways throughout the last few interviews we've done, and so the next steps for it is well we are introducing for ship 2 in like about a month, and so we're kind of gearing up to
Lilliana Robinson: We don't wanna go full scale with our marketing tactics just yet, because we have a leaky bucket, and we don't wanna like, just, you know, create an influx, and then have a leaky bucket. So next steps for us directly is kind of fixing the bottom of our funnel rather than fixing like focusing in on it, and seeing like how we can get customers who sign up to make that first purchase, and then to then come become a repeat customer. And so we're focusing a lot on our
Lilliana Robinson: website messaging. And then also, like our messaging strategy individually. So like every day I'm having my intern see? Like who signed up today. Send them a message immediately, saying, Welcome, here's actually a Walkthrough video. Let me guide you through this. Let me make this as mindless as possible. And so we're doing that right. Alright. So it sounds like 2 out of the 3 that you've shared
Lilliana Robinson: are, as far as the timeline is concerned, there's an argument, I think, that there might be in the passive looking
Lilliana Robinson: face
Lilliana Robinson: right? And then there's this one, this last one you shared. That sounds like it's in the active looking phase where you might be able to find them.
Lilliana Robinson: There's, I think, the next phase of this research alongside your execution, which you just laid out, is figuring out who amongst those first 2 clusters
Lilliana Robinson: switches over to active looking, and when they do how you can actually find them. Right? That's the that's the the jam for us now, and then, are there others that are using competitive products that you can learn from as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, yeah. So we could definitely interview people who like made an account. And then didn't end up using us. And then also just other 15 accounts, maybe have never heard of us and be like, hey? Tell us about like, why use pirate ship like what you know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yup. So so I think what's happening here is like there's more truth to uncover. However, you all know enough to continue executing on your business. Now as you are.
Lilliana Robinson: However, there's the next step that we can help you with, which is, let's make sure we understand what brings someone to the active phase that allows you to bring even more people to your team as opposed to those other, or struggling on their own, not knowing that you exist.
Lilliana Robinson: So to be clear that this is solid. This is like, we're giving you intermediate next steps as well like, you know, next level.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. That's super solid.
Lilliana Robinson: awesome. Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's nice.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, couple of things. So one thing I didn't hear anyone ask here, but something the last group ask is like, How do you decide which cluster to go after. So I've come up with like a 3 way answer that I usually give. There are 3 different ways you can choose. So for those of you who haven't chosen. Then you just present it. Consider one what the team itself is most passionate about like, what do you guys genuinely want to go after 2 feasibility. So is there something that
Lilliana Robinson: eliminates friction? Maybe you have a way into that certain segment like you go a lot of people that are there can get them really quickly. You can go to market there. Or the last one is what has the most energy. So there's one that's just screaming morphine, and the other 2 are posted to Vitamin or Tylenol. Go there because those are the ones that are going to pay you the most quickly. So you're going to get money for your time. We'll spend. Those are the 3 ways.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I have a I have a question for y'all
Lilliana Robinson: Was it helpful to have done this research going into mentor madness like, did it did arm you in the way that we suspected it was? We haven't had a chance to talk about it. I'm just curious, because I think the table stakes have been exceeded as far as we're concerned with.
Lilliana Robinson: You're understanding where you're at. So we're gonna trust you with the next steps in the process. If you want to spend one to 2 h with me.
Lilliana Robinson: you can do that now you've all earned that slots based on this presentation. So you've done your part. I'm ready to do my part. I'm grateful that y'all trusted us. I hope that you feel like that was a good use of a whole bunch of time for the past 2 months. That you've been going through it. But now it's like it's time to build. It's time to like get to work. So you all know the next steps I'm gonna trust you with that. And let's just say the strategy you have laid out here that you try to do.
Lilliana Robinson: whether that works or it doesn't over the next 2 months
Lilliana Robinson: you can reapply the same framework afterwards to figure out a new direction, if need be, cause. That's what startups do. So now that you understand, and have it in your muscle memory to take this approach. We can do this again and again and again until we figure out the right thing.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's what I have. Yeah, basically what I, what I said to the last group is, some of you have a whole other round to do. Some of you like in this presentation told us about other Jtbd rounds you need to do, and some of you are 2 sided marketplaces, or have different users and customers. Those people also need to go back. But this is the end of like our required curriculum that we're doing together. So you all have kind of graduated. The rest is like opt in. So choose your own adventure. We can help you where you want. We would love to dig in with those who want to take things
Lilliana Robinson: Yup and and and your activities going forward are layered
Lilliana Robinson: meaning it's not all Jtbd anymore. It's Jtbd and all the other stuff, financial monthly sales growth. It compounds. So just be ready as a team. It's it's data room. It's gonna get a little heavier. But you're getting a little stronger.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright? So game on any questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so what do we have next? We have Max at yeah, dinner is, gonna be good. Who's had? Is it? Is it? For? Is it burn a superstar?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Burma super star for dinner. Verona pulled that off, which is great. See, now, I know how to get all excited. See? Now, the they were just like, whatever. Now.
Lilliana Robinson: probably about 5 15 in normal season.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so dinner will be here between 5 and 6 we'll be meeting with folks between 5 and 6. And the founder story starts at 6.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, at 5, 30. Okay, it's on the calendar 6. That's why I was asking. This is the truth. So 6 o'clock you don't want to miss it. Max is super interesting while. Background. Crazy person except if you all like to know him better. There was a hand in the back. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: one of the most recent.
kate: Had to.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. I think I heard something.
Lilliana Robinson: What'd you say, Kate?
kate: Oh, I had to do this! I really
kate: loved this.
kate: I had such a great time listening to this.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm happy.
kate: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Kate.
Lilliana Robinson: the utilitory just going through that.